So far we've worked with flat objects if you will one dimensional they're not nested or anything like
that.
And sometimes we do need to work with nested objects so how might we structure those.
Well first let's make a new user.
And inside of that user.
They will have a couple of things for themselves.
They'll have a name perhaps Johnny.
Johnny Boy.
Like so.
And then after that an agent will do thirty four.
And then after that we'll do like a best friend will be a good one best friend.
And then after that we'll have an object inside of there.
And his name will be like Malcolm.
And then after that his age will be 32 and so on and so forth.
So with that being said we should be good to go.
I'm going to go ahead and give this another property just so I can differentiate these two properties
right here.
So Will do.
Temperament should have picked an easier word to spell.
Docile is good though.
So now that we have that set the way I would access the structure I should say a nested object is to
do something along these lines.
So do let.
And then after that curly braces I'm going to assign user right there.
Now first I need a location to start at.
So we're looking inside of this object.
And as we know before first notify my location.
So in this case I want to start at best friend.
So anything inside of these curly braces is going to be the location that I want.
The property is.
And then after that going to do a colon do some more curly braces and then we'll do temperament difficult
word to spell but we get it either way.
So now that we have that going to space these out just so it's very clear to you what's happening.
And then what I can do is console log temperament and it will work out just fine or at least it should.
Now I save it and you can see it prints out DOS syle.
So what is going on.
Exactly.
Know it looks a little confusing.
Well if you remember from the previous video what we did was essentially we took these different different
destructuring syntax right here and on the left hand side of the colon that is the property we want
to start at the location that we defined on the right hand side of the colon is the actual variable
that we want to define locally.
Now by wrapping something in parentheses we're saying we want to structure it.
So what I've done here is I wrap this in the first set of curly braces right here.
And I say best friend on the left of the colon.
So this means start at the best friend property inside of the user object on the right hand side.
I say OK I want to make a variable here.
This is the name of the variable i want to define locally but I also wrap this inside of curly braces
which means that I also want to the structure here.
So this is another location within this location by doing two curly braces.